README.md, before:

# EfficientNet.jl

EfficientNet implementation in Julia.

## Install

```
]add https://github.com/pxl-th/EfficientNet.jl.git
```

## ImageNet pretrained model

```julia
model = from_pretrained("efficientnet-b3")
```

By default, weights are stored in `~/.cache/EfficientNet.jl/` directory.
If there are no weights, it will attempt to download them.
Additionally, you can specify cache directory as a second parameter to `from_pretrained` function.

Available pretrained models are B0-B7.
They are loaded from [EfficientNet-PyTorch](https://github.com/lukemelas/EfficientNet-PyTorch)
and converted to the Julia's format.

## Example inference on image

```julia
device = gpu
model = from_pretrained("efficientnet-b3")
model = model |> testmode! |> device

image = "./spaceshuttle.png"
x = Images.load(image) |> channelview .|> Float32
x = Flux.unsqueeze(permutedims(x, (3, 2, 1)), 4)

o = x |> device |> model |> softmax |> cpu
o = sortperm(o[:, 1])
@info "Top 5 classes: $(o[end:-1:end - 5] .- 1)"
```

Commit message:

Add note about NNlibCUDA fork

README.md, after:

# EfficientNet.jl

EfficientNet implementation in Julia.

## Install

It was tested on Julia 1.6 and Flux 0.12.3.

**However**, right now it requires [this](https://github.com/pxl-th/NNlibCUDA.jl) fork of NNlibCUDA.jl to work,
because `DepthwiseConv` is not working on GPU in the original NNlibCUDA.

```
]add https://github.com/pxl-th/EfficientNet.jl.git
```

## ImageNet pretrained model

```julia
model = from_pretrained("efficientnet-b3")
```

By default, weights are stored in `~/.cache/EfficientNet.jl/` directory.
If there are no weights, it will attempt to download them.
Additionally, you can specify cache directory as a second parameter to `from_pretrained` function.

Available pretrained models are B0-B7.
They are loaded from [EfficientNet-PyTorch](https://github.com/lukemelas/EfficientNet-PyTorch)
and converted to the Julia's format.

## Example inference on image

```julia
device = gpu
model = from_pretrained("efficientnet-b3")
model = model |> testmode! |> device

image = "./spaceshuttle.png"
x = Images.load(image) |> channelview .|> Float32
x = Flux.unsqueeze(permutedims(x, (3, 2, 1)), 4)

o = x |> device |> model |> softmax |> cpu
o = sortperm(o[:, 1])
@info "Top 5 classes: $(o[end:-1:end - 5] .- 1)"
```
